I will write down things I struggle with or feel are important while making this e-commerce store by miself.

FONTS
Importing a font was easy, I just changed the names around the top of layout.js and added a weight in the object
being created.

HEADER
On the header, we remembered positioning, bg color, height, flex stuff, and padding.
Stuff we forgot: text resizing
cursor-pointer
:hover stuff

Giving the header a sticky classname allows the children underneath it to show. The children would be behind
the header if it was fixed.




1. We can store our files with google drive and use Pabbly to deliver the files from the drive to
the user's email once a payment is made.


Condensed steps:
Create app
Change permissions
Gitignore and .env.local init
Git init
Gutting page.js
Customize layout.js body tag
Create header and footer in body tag
Create stripe account
Key inside .env
Add in products in stripe
npm i stripe
Two async functions in page.js
Grabbing the products server-side
Making loading and error pages (error is use client)
Load in product cards from a styled page.js
Make productcard component (use client)
Destructure props inside card
Import route inside card
Set route to a made /products/page passing price_id through
Make (store) and store.js
npm i zustand
Write the functions and variables in store.js. (This is different, make a variable.)
Grab the products in the product page and console.log them.
Set up the crazy GCP configs (will have a tutorial for this soon)
Set up modal in store.js
Add to cart function on buttons.
Persist data with zustand.
Make sure you can only add one item to cart and not increase the value with the same item.
---
Then remove item from cart integration
Then fix the add to cart same issue
Then add a big checkout button to the bottom
Then route checkout




PABBLY STEPS
Stripe and google drive integration platform
1. Create stripe account
2. Blue plug connect button
3. Workflow left tab
4. Create workflow, name it stripe to google drive
5. Choose stripe app
6. Trigger: new charge
7. Copy webhook
8. Go to stripe > Developers > webhooks
9. Add end point and paste in the webhook
10. Do a test payment
11. Go to Pabbly and see that the data is captured.
12. Choose google drive in the second step.
13. Action event: share a file
14. Connect your google drive account with the items.
15. Automate workflow after choosing the file to send based on retrieved data.